com/pmadera/mascotas/iMainActivity.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.iMainActivity
com/pmadera/mascotas/presentador/FavoritosFragmentPresenter.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.presentador.FavoritosFragmentPresenter
com/pmadera/mascotas/resApi/adapter/jsonKeys.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.resApi.adapter.jsonKeys
com/pmadera/mascotas/presentador/mainActivityPresenter.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.presentador.mainActivityPresenter
 com.pmadera.mascotas.presentador.mainActivityPresenter$1
com/pmadera/mascotas/adapter/MascotaAdaptador.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.MascotaAdaptador
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.MascotaAdaptador$1
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.MascotaAdaptador$MascotaViewHolder
com/pmadera/mascotas/vista_fragment/PerfilFragment.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.vista_fragment.PerfilFragment
com/pmadera/mascotas/resApi/adapter/EndpointsApi.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.resApi.adapter.EndpointsApi
com/pmadera/mascotas/ContactoActivity.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.ContactoActivity
 com.pmadera.mascotas.ContactoActivity$1
com/pmadera/mascotas/presentador/iMainActivityPresenter.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.presentador.iMainActivityPresenter
com/pmadera/mascotas/presentador/iFavoritosFragmentPresenter.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.presentador.iFavoritosFragmentPresenter
com/pmadera/mascotas/vista_fragment/iFavoritosFragment.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.vista_fragment.iFavoritosFragment
com/pmadera/mascotas/adapter/MascotaAdaptadorPerfil.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.MascotaAdaptadorPerfil
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.MascotaAdaptadorPerfil$MascotaPerfilViewHolder
com/pmadera/mascotas/MainActivity.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.MainActivity
 com.pmadera.mascotas.MainActivity$1
com/pmadera/mascotas/BuildConfig.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.BuildConfig
com/pmadera/mascotas/pojo/Mascota.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.pojo.Mascota
com/pmadera/mascotas/resApi/adapter/ConstantesRestApi.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.resApi.adapter.ConstantesRestApi
com/pmadera/mascotas/adapter/PageAdapter.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.PageAdapter
com/pmadera/mascotas/adapter/MascotaAdaptadorFavoritos.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.MascotaAdaptadorFavoritos
 com.pmadera.mascotas.adapter.MascotaAdaptadorFavoritos$MascotaFavoritaViewHolder
com/pmadera/mascotas/AcercaActivity.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.AcercaActivity
com/pmadera/mascotas/ConfigurarCuentaActivity.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.ConfigurarCuentaActivity
 com.pmadera.mascotas.ConfigurarCuentaActivity$1
com/pmadera/mascotas/FavoritosActivity.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.FavoritosActivity
com/pmadera/mascotas/vista_fragment/FavoritosFragment.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.vista_fragment.FavoritosFragment
com/pmadera/mascotas/resApi/adapter/Model/MascotaResponse.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.resApi.adapter.Model.MascotaResponse
com/pmadera/mascotas/resApi/adapter/deserializador/MascotaDeserializador.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.resApi.adapter.deserializador.MascotaDeserializador
 com.pmadera.mascotas.resApi.adapter.deserializador.MascotaDeserializador$1
com/pmadera/mascotas/resApi/adapter/RestApiAdapter.java
 com.pmadera.mascotas.resApi.adapter.RestApiAdapter
